What configuration is more popular in quadcopters?
How many propellers are necessary to have complete control of a drone?
In a forward flight, center of gravity under propeller disc can make multicopter?
Multicopter (fixed motor orientation w.r.t. body frame of a multicopter) has ________ controllable DOF.
What is the purpose of a transformation matrix in robotics?
Which type of transformation matrix would you use to combine two sequential transformations?
What is the purpose of a coordinate frame in robotics?
Why do we need calibration of a flight controller like Pixhawk for a drone?
Which of the following pin out of pixhawk 6c is used for controlling the motors?
How do you calibrate the Electronic Speed Controllers (ESCs) of a drone?
Select the correct statement.
Which of the following sensors are in pixhawk 6c? (Multiple correct answers)
How many compasses are used in our workshop drone?
Why do we need a compass in a drone?
What is the degree of freedom for a 3D rotation matrix?
Identify the correct tool to run multiple ros node locally or remotely .
Select an appropriate tool for building code in a catkin workshop ?
which one of the following is a bidirectional & synchronous communication method between the nodes.
What are the types of protocols used in multicopter?
Which protocol is used between pixhawk and ESC?
Which among the following transmitters supports Flysky receivers only?
Select an appropriate communication method to publish the sensor data on the ros network ?
Torque generated by the BLDC motor does not depend on _______.?
Which of the following can cause vibration in our drone? 
Which of the following is a Wireless Protocol?
What is the feature you must have in ESC for getting a 5v output?
In which mode the drone maneuverability is smoothest ?
Which of the following modes provide auto correction against maximum kinds of external disturbances to the drone?
Which mode is used for operating a drone with higher maneuverability and fast response?
Which mode does not require GPS?
How many minimum channels are necessary to have full control of a quadcopter?
What is the function of Telemetry in Drone?
To design a controller for system, we should always check for:
Based on goal settings, what are two different types of control problems?
A drone system has 3 equilibrium points. One of them is (0,0,0) and others are non-zero. We are going to use PID controller design for such a system. At least, how many PID controller(s) do we need?  
Which of the following is an example of a Large Language Model?
In NLP, what does the term 'tokenization' refer to ?
What is 'fine-tuning' in the context of LLMs ?
How can Large Language Models (LLMs) be utilized in robotics?
Which of the following is a potential application of LLMs in robotics??
Natural language interface for robotic control ?
Which type of learning provides a framework for studying object recognition?
What are the input and output of image processing ?
Which of the following are applications of Computer Vision?
Vision is a forward problem ?



